# Project 1/100: Band Name Generator
This project is a simple band name generator that prompts the user for their city of 
origin and the name of their pet. It then combines the two inputs to form a unique and creative band name.

## Installation
There is no installation required for this project. Simply download the code and run it in your Python environment.

## Usage
To use this program, follow these steps:

1. Open the code in a Python environment.
2. Run the code.
3. Enter the city name where you grew up when prompted.
4. Enter the name of your pet when prompted.
5. Your unique band name will be generated and displayed.

## Code Details
The code is written in Python and consists of five steps:

1. Print function for the welcome message:
print("Welcome to the band name generator!")
This line prints a welcome message for the user.

2. Create a variable for both city and pet name (city_name and pet_name) and the \n to ensure a new line appears after asking the questions:
city_name = input("What city did you grow up in?\n")
pet_name = input("What is the name of your pet?\n")
These two lines prompt the user for input on their city of origin and the name of their pet, respectively.

3. Combine city and pet into another variable called band_name, included a space between city and pet names:
band_name = city_name + " " + pet_name
This line combines the city and pet names entered by the user to create a unique band name.

4. Print out the band name:
print("Your band name is " + band_name)
This line prints out the unique band name generated by the program.

5. Make sure the input cursor shows on a new line:
input("What city did you grow up in?\n")
input("What is the name of your pet?\n")
The "\n" character at the end of each input prompt ensures that the cursor appears on a new line, making the user experience more readable.

## Contributing
This project is open for contributions. If you have any ideas or suggestions, feel free to fork this repository and make your own changes. If you want to suggest changes or report bugs, please create a new issue.
